[Page Shield] Clarify alert handling (#21666)
cloudflare/cloudflare-docs: src/content/docs/page-shield/best-practices/handle-an-alert.mdx

## 3. Check the script reputation

If Page Shield considers the resource’s domain a "malicious domain", it is likely that the domain does not have a good reputation. The domain may be known for hosting malware or for being used for phishing attacks. Usually, reviewing the domain/hostname is sufficient to understand why you received the alert. You can use tools like Cloudflare's [Security Center Investigate](https://dash.cloudflare.com/?to=/:account/security-center/investigate) platform to help with this validation.

If Cloudflare's internal systems classified the script as containing "malicious code", external tools may not confirm the detection you got from Page Shield, since the machine learning (ML) model being used is Cloudflare-specific technology.

> If you believe that Page Shield's classification is a false positive, contact your account team so that we can improve our technology.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you believe that Page Shield's classification is a false positive, please contact your account team so that we can further improve Page Shield users' experience.
```
